>> Scott: Which is protecting
resolvers and testing.
So we're gonna have
an exercise on testing,
we're gonna talk about
protecting resolvers.
There's really not an exercise because
our app is not a production app.
We don't really have any roles and
stuff like that.
But we can talk about it.
So protecting resolvers, so you saw
that I added back the JWT middleware
for,
>> Scott: The path of
/GraphQL right at the beginning of
the app, like we did for the API router.
I added that here.
>> Scott: Where are you?
There we go, so I mounted it here.
>> Scott: Can anybody think
of some downsides of this,
if I block my whole GraphQL router?
>> Speaker 2: Testing is gonna
be a lot harder.
>> Scott: Testing's harder, okay,
what else?
>> Scott: What if my GraphQL router is
responsible for signing up users?
Now you can't sign up users because you've
just blocked off your whole GraphQL API,
because you need to be
signed in to use it, right?
So it's like the same problem as this.
That's why there's
a signin outside of this,
because you need to sign in separately.
So there's a lot of downsides.
With REST, the way we would have solved
this before is we would just make another
router, not using that middleware, right?
We'd make another router.
In GraphQL, we don't really wanna do that.
We don't want many GraphQL routers.
We just want one GraphQL router.
If we make another router, we can
make another schema, more resolvers.
It's just a lot of duplication.
So what we do instead is,
if you don't want your whole GraphQL
router using the exact same global
middleware, then what you would do is,
you would take the logic
out of that middleware.
So whatever this thing is doing,
you would use it on a per resolver basis.
That might sound tedious and
redundant, but if we think about it,
it's actually really flexible.
>> Scott: So
you can use express global middleware,
just like we are with REST, right?
You can lock your whole GraphQL API, but
you can get some really undesired
behavior, like I just described.
Or you can do it on a per resolver basis,
and this is really great for
things like role based systems.
Imagine if you had a role based system.
And you wanted to lock down
literally every single
field that somebody can access,
you can do that.
Because we can write a resolver for
every field, as we just found out.
And because you have that user and
the roles inside the context, you can say,
does this user have the right role to
access the payment field on the org type?
You could do that.
And you can limit that one field
on that entire object per role.
Whereas you can't really
do that easily now.
You have to do a lot of sanitizing
to that mainly yourself.
Or right now, GraphQL is pretty free.
As soon as you get inside your resolver,
does this user have the rights for this,
for this field right here?
Nope, nah, get out of here, done.
Throw an error or just send back null,
depending on what you wanna do.
It can be tedious cuz you're doing
the same thing over and over and
over again to try to help a function.
Put it somewhere, test it,
use it wherever you want.
It's not as bad as it sounds,
if it's just one thing, it's very useful.
I can tell you right now,
I'm doing this for
type, it's pretty much our architecture.
We have a similar role based
system that you will find
AWS where you're like policies and roles.
And this allowed us to
literally lock down,
we can lock down you clicking
a button if we want to.
It's ridiculous.
Because of this, it's really good.
You have way more control obviously.
Like I said, per field level control.
You can lock things down per object,
per whatever, you can lock it down.
But you also have to handle,
you have to decide on how you wanna
handle non authenticated requests.
So you have two options,
you can throw an error,
which will just break the whole query.
For instance, let's say somebody tried to
access, they have access to this object,
but they don't have access to
this field on this object.
So if they tried to access it,
you could throw an error and
therefore they get nothing back.
Or you can just make sure in your
GraphQL schema that you don't put
the exclamation on everything,
and you just return null for it.
So they just don't get that value back.
And their query doesn't break, they
still get back the values they can see,
they just don't get back that one field.
That field will always be null for
them, right?
So it depends on how you wanna do it.
You wanna throw an error,
they shouldn't be accessing it.
Or you just wanna only give them
the stuff that they should have and
take away the non-nulls for the stuff.
So it's totally up to however you wanna
do it, depending on your situation.
But you can do that,
whereas what we did yesterday,
you're really writing your
own system to do that.
And it's gonna be pretty complicated,
I can promise you.